NumberBox: add getting started description (#4377)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/NumberBox/00 Getting Started with NumberBox/10 Limit Values and Customize Format.md

> If you need to specify the initial value, assign it to the [value](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/Configuration/#value) property. You can also define a range of the min and max values the user can enter in the input field. To apply these limits, use the [min](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/Configuration/#min) and [max](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/Configuration/#max) values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to specify the initial value, assign it to the [value](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/Configuration/#value) property. You can also define a range of the [min](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/Configuration/#min) and [max](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/Configuration/#max) values the user can enter into the input field. 
```

> If you need to specify the initial value, assign it to the [value](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/Configuration/#value) property. You can also define a range of the min and max values the user can enter in the input field. To apply these limits, use the [min](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/Configuration/#min) and [max](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/Configuration/#max) values. 

Reviewer: Rename the section to "Limit and Format the Value"

> The component allows you to display the input values in a custom format. To define this format, assign it to the [format](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/Configuration/#format) property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NumberBox allows you to display the input values in a custom format. To define this format, assign it to the [format](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/Configuration/#format) property.
```

> In the following code you can see how to specify the initial value, limit the input values and apply a custom format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following code, you can see how to specify the initial value, limit the input values, and apply a custom format:
```

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function() {
        $("#number-box").dxNumberBox({
            value: 261991,
            min: 0,
            max: 1000000,
            format: "$ #,##0.##"
        });
    });

##### Angular

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
    <dx-color-box
        [value]="261991"
        [min]="0"
        [max]="1000000"
        format="$ #,##0.##"
    >
    </dx-color-box>

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <DxNumberBox
            :value="261991"
            :min="0"
            :max="1000000"
            format="$ #,##0.##"
        />
    </template>

    <script>
    // ...
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    // ...
    
    function App() {
        // ...
        return (
            <NumberBox
                value="261991"
                min="0"

>                 max="1000000"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                value={261991}
                min={0}
                max={1000000}
```
